[announcer or public address system speaking]
[applause and crowd cheering]
[full marching band playing — brass and percussion together]
[brass section only — trumpets trombones and tubas]
[low brass feature — trombones and tubas]
[full marching band playing — brass and percussion together]
[applause and crowd cheering]
[transition or brief pause between musical pieces]
[full marching band playing — brass and percussion together]
[announcer or public address system speaking]
[applause and crowd cheering]
[full marching band playing — brass and percussion together]
[band tuning or warming up before performance]
[applause and crowd cheering]
[announcer or public address system speaking]
[cymbal crash and percussion accent]